https://cdnetworks.jobs.net/en-US/job/us-software-engineer-intern-portal-api/J3R6T773GT6J36N8X1Q

JOB DESCRIPTION

	OVERVIEW
	QUANTIL, Inc. is looking for a Software Engineer Intern to support the Portal/API team on the design and development of our global content delivery platform.

	We are looking for final year students who love coding and new technologies – so if this sounds like you, then we are the company for you!

	You will have opportunities to hone your skills, collaborate with technical experts, and get involved in a variety of projects that will play an impactful role in the growth of the Company. Outstanding interns may be considered for full-time employment after graduation.

	RESPONSIBILITIES
	Designing and developing highly effective Java-based web applications from inception to release using Spring MVC
	Interacting with other team members to translate requirements into complete designs
	Documenting and testing, preferably in an automated manner, your applications
	Implementing designs using Agile methodology.

JOB REQUIREMENTS

	REQUIREMENTS
	Majoring in Computer Science/Engineering, or relevant engineering/science fields
	2+ years’ experience in development using Java
	1 years’ experience in development using JavaScript
	2+ years’ experience with Linux system and basic Shell script programming
	2+ years’ experience using Spring MVC
	Good understanding of computer networks and TCP/IP, DNS and HTTP

	Familiarity with the following:
	Large scale system deployment and automation
	Webserver technologies (i.e. Apache, Nginx, Tomcat, etc.)
	Database experience, particularly MySQL is a plus
	Experience building REST APIs highly desired
	Experience with documenting and automated testing of code, i.e. using Junit, highly desired
	Experience with JavaScript frameworks, i.e. AngularJS or react.js is a plus
	Experience with JavaScript testing frameworks, i.e. Mocha is a plus
	Experience implementing web user interfaces is a plus
	Experience with open source, such as utilizing open source components would be a bonus
	
	Attributes:
	Must be self- motivated, hands-on, detail-oriented, have the ability to thrive in a team environment, and perform beyond expectations
	Good communication skills